company with a world name and my colleagues in
I have the honor of internet shonaw
present to your attention a new
direction rate screams
The basis of recreative four
technology, both zonal close from Russia fts
his trance is unique and refined
colorful and natural flexible and
stunning arch they open first
unusually the elements and mysteries rather
come into the lens then craig
we do not create beauty
EU force technology means half liter
transparent as possible
close to natural gentle and
mild brings purity and freshness
it's the freshness of a frosty morning
youth charm innocence and charm
naturalness it can be colors
coffee with milk and gently sandy beige
marked pink plus its cool shades
transparency is minimal
a lot of frost
milk chocolate and caramel transparent
gold platinum silver as well
pale shades and all colors
the idea of ​​this direction carries
special task to keep
naturally there is
time women increasingly want
highlight its natural beauty is
and not surprising because the word itself
naturalness comes from the word
there is history means from natural so
follows the meaning of the word
natural organic
natural primordial and desire
women emphasize exactly natural
the beauty of her nail plate and but
keep her colors completely either
tint slightly the idea and it remains
unchanged tenderness and neatness
the natural beauty of color and shape and
softness litovkin minimum chic and glitter
this is the naturalness of the south
trance nao
to Moscow
technology called auction
zone
about it smooth flexible rounded lines
forms femininity mystery will turn
whether it is a crown and pro letter drawing or
abstract formulas it depends on
fantasy masters
dipping into the history of ancient Egypt
hard not to remember killed graphic
letters of the founders of the most ancient
civilization 35 program this is
Pierre's three sons and inflicting everything
paints on the walls of palaces
temples treasures and also on the same
noble people is immortal
art carries a magical
the attraction line the sliver behind that
that they played six technology masters
watermelon and above all focuses on
ideality of inference
smooth lines reminiscent of victory
plants in figurative and alexey shape
or not smile
g variety of colors and
allows you to create a character pattern
problem line on a dark background
display romantic natures
bright on translucent in
courage and cheerful than
precisely svetlana confidence
activity
but do not forget to draw your own nails
because this technology will be best
look at the long almond-shaped and
square on the nails using technology
boss he you get the opportunity to create
fancy drawing with alimony
abstraction give free rein to your imagination
auction data more colorfully displays
idea directions included in the group
technology
City Hall creative
technology called
and I agree but with radiant glamor it
glitter shine and brightness of decorative
elements iridescent
sparkles and pearl to
administration playing by light
many faces
holiday colors and gas combination decorations
attached technology with double special
glam colors
owls on the coating wet glaze nails
not only fascinates the eye but
and brings the holiday element into the ordinary
life and the prize of the very origin of the word
many choices can be made
because glamor means charm
charm charm collective
designations of luxurious inhabitants
life style possessing beautiful
appearance and examination fashionable
trends
borrowed from french
developmental measures program
such witchcraft spells sealed
charm this word have its meaning and
magical coloring that's why you
have the opportunity to make some secret and
hidden meaning in the process
using a kind of witchcraft
technology ex head mordovia technology
We play wonderfully complement the image
socialite known yes we and not
just a beautiful woman watching over
the Russians and the charm
selection of the main meaning of this direction
Russian technology with a splash of color
speaks for herself she unites
variety of colors of their shades
from natural to gas the brightest
warmth and cold succulent deciduous
8 days of gold smooth transitions
rainbow colors their clear image
single photons of the same color
All this ues Russia m with detailed
considering a range of colors should
mark the following blue color means
a wish
unity with others will incur
relaxed emotionality
tenderness of femininity
readiness aesthetic
experiences and spiritualized
meditate m advise blue color symbol
carelessness deep blue will
longing for pure and brings peace
satisfaction
the red color of vitality and
masculinity eu passion means
activity confidence in their
power desire to permeate and
convert and bye her
red as heightened desire and
bruise ultimate satisfaction
create sensual harmony green color
means hardness stability so that
light of pride and money wise eugenia in
sequential logic and
self affirmation yellow means and
volatility enterprise and
inner freedom
it corresponds to sunlight and
gives a feeling of happiness
purple means reality and
ability to think soberly
bewitches and he wants to be thrifty
orange means action and enthusiasm
urges to go forward only strengthens
morally birch though the coldest
of flowers carries an elevation above
passions
blue means clarity prostate
pink romance
kindness
understand the person and choose the right
color range with appropriate
client's character
Here is the main idea of ​​this direction